Wu Yuting is a manager of a state-owned enterprise. When she mentioned her, her first thought was her obsession with high heels. Every day when she goes to work, her upper body is a suit, and her socks are long tube silk stockings. Sometimes her legs will be exposed, and sometimes the silk stockings will be worn in her pants. On her feet, she will always wear a pair of high-heeled leather shoes more than 10cm. Even when traveling, she will never give up high heels easily: she will insist on wearing them for general scenic spots or hiking. In the group photos of the group trip, her position is particularly prominent: the only woman wearing high heels is her. Even for long-distance running, she can't accept wearing sneakers all day, so she will prepare silk stockings and high-heeled shoes and wait for them to change immediately after running.Wu Yuting wore very simple clothes when she was studying. She only tried her first pair of high heels when she got married. As soon as she put them on, she regretted meeting each other late and found that her posture in high heels was so graceful. Long tube silk stockings and high-heeled shoes more than 10cm became her favorite match immediately. She was completely fascinated by the feeling of walking. Her husband is a DINK, so Wu Yuting doesn't need to worry about pregnancy and has to say goodbye to high heels. After that, most of her feet have been spent in the pointed toe of high heels. Up to now, it has been seven or eight years. For her, high heels have become a part of her life.Once, she was negligent in the company's financial work and the confidentiality system was not closed. At this time, someone tampered the company's financial remittance account number into her private bank card number in an attempt to frame her by moving public funds. One day, the police came to her home and said, "you are suspected of moving public funds. Come with us.". Wu Yuting was at a loss. She asked the police to let her prepare clothes and shoes for the police station. Usually she wouldn't dress up so carefully. She simply put on silk stockings, picked up a pair of high-heeled leather shoes in the shoe cabinet and left. But on this day, she painted all her makeup and put on her most beautiful jewelry. The clothes still chose a suit and skirt. She put on the long tube of flesh colored silk stockings and chose a pair of 12cm pointed high heels with a slight waterproof platform - made of patent leather and light yellow leather lining. Wu Yuting put the pair of high-heeled leather shoes on her feet, left home and got into the police car.She got into the police car. "Do you know what you did?" Asked the policeman. Wu Yuting was silent, but she seemed to notice something. "Pretty dressed, but it won't be long."Soon she arrived at the prison gate. After getting off the bus, Wu Yuting generously walked into the high wall and walked delicately and gracefully. Maybe she wanted to finally feel the feeling of walking in silk stockings and high heels."Officer, take a picture of me. I may not be so beautiful for a long time."The first thing to enter is to change clothes."Take off your high heels and your coat first.""I'll finish with shoes. Can I get my hair and clothes first?""Generally, the first thing is to change shoes and clothes and then get your hair, OK."Wu Yuting always wears high heels when she takes off her skirt. She is afraid that once she takes off her high heels, the policewoman will quickly take them away. She is only 44 kilograms, and her slender legs make it easy to change into a wide prison uniform even in high heels.Now Wu Yuting still has long hair, but she has changed into a dark blue prison uniform. Silk stockings and high-heeled shoes are still wearing for the time being, and her shoes look even brighter under the gray prison uniform.She became the first female prisoner to sit in the prison barber's room in silk stockings and high-heeled shoes. The hair cutting speed here is very fast. One of her hair was cut off in a few minutes.She took off her jewelry, changed her skirt into a prison suit, changed her elegant long hair into short hair, and her exquisite makeup disappeared with the running water. She accepted all this calmly."OK, next, take off your high heels and go to the file for physical examination."She didn't leave."Why are you waiting? Take off your high heels and change your stockings into short and medium-sized ones""Let me do anything when I go in, but please let me wear high heels.""High heels are never allowed! This is a prison! You have no right to appeal here!" Then the policeman took a pair of cloth shoes. "Take off your high heels and put on cloth shoes. Don't let me say it again!""How long will I be sentenced at most?""It's estimated to take six or seven years."She knelt down. "How hard and tired I can be. I really can't live without high heels""In principle, it certainly won't work. Let's discuss it at most to see if there is room. You should know your identity when you come here. But it's impossible to put on your high heels for one or two months after you take them off today."She nodded, walked to the chair in high heels and sat down. Every time she took off her shoes, she was slow and reluctant to take them off all at once, as if she were making a final farewell to her high-heeled shoes. Slowly pull the toe of her shoe out of the middle heel, and then slowly pull out the toe of her shoe from the middle heel. Then her left foot repeated the same action. Wu Yuting took off her beloved pair of 12cm black pointed high heels. She picked up her high heels and quietly put them in the corner of the dressing room. She put on the square cloth shoes given to her by the police officer. When high heels are no longer worn, it seems that she has lost what can prove that she is a woman in the end."Let's keep it for you first. Go in and take pictures."After keeping the file, there is a physical examination, which is the basic process of prisoners' imprisonment. The first place to go is the detention center, where you need to wait for the court's decision. Wu Yuting began her first day without high heels. She put on medium silk stockings, but there was no pair of high heels waiting for her to put her feet in. Breaking prison rules and military training, she completed the affairs stipulated by the detention center step by step. She became extremely simple and indistinguishable from other female prisoners. The last time she wore high-heeled shoes, she cut off her thighs and brought them in. She hasn't washed them. In her spare time, she can smell and feel the smell of high-heeled shoes she once wore on her feet. Smelling the smell of leather mixed with sweat, it seemed as if there were a pair of high-heeled shoes under the bed waiting for her to put on, but there was only a pair of rough cloth shoes. After two weeks of training, she was assigned to the labor reform of the printing factory. The work there was not tired but not easy. Day by day, she was submerged among the female prisoners working in the factory, and no one cared about her original appearance."Isn't this nonsense? She wears high heels in the prison. She thinks this is where!""This is the first time I've seen such a woman who insists on high heels. Otherwise, how about we make it difficult for her. If she can keep her high heels on for a week, she will be allowed to wear high heels to serve her sentence.""How can this be done? It's estimated that she would cry and shout to take it off after standing for a few hours."At this time, Wu Yuting has been working in the detention center for more than two months. She bought many medium tube silk stockings. In the prison, this is the only dress that is allowed and can make her a little feminine. When she first came in, the smell of leather on her silk stockings gradually faded away, leaving only the memories of wearing high heels in her mind.The verdict came down. Due to the huge amount of money, she was sentenced to 16 years' imprisonment. Wu Yuting appealed. She firmly believed that she was framed. But anyway, she will officially become a member of the women's prison. She once again recalled the scene when she took off her high heels when she was in prison. It was 16 years. Can she wear high heels every day when she is middle-aged after 16 years? Two months ago, she took off her high heels. That moment may be her farewell to high heels.To her surprise, before she was officially imprisoned, the police officer found her, "I allow you to wear high heels, but the requirement is that you are not allowed to take off your shoes for a week. As for washing, we have benches and partitions. You just need to wash your upper body and private parts. If you can stick to it, we won't ask for your shoes in the future imprisonment."Wu Yuting agreed excitedly."Go in and put on your high heels, and then you'll officially go to prison. Remember, you're not allowed to take off your shoes when you sleep."The pair of high-heeled shoes were quietly placed in the shoe cabinet in the dressing room. Wu Yuting took them out and stroked them for a moment, put them on the ground, and put her feet into the high-heeled shoes she missed day and night again.This feeling is so familiar and so strange. After a lapse of more than two months, Wu Yuting put on her long lost high-heeled shoes. Regardless of the test of the next week, she was very happy wearing high-heeled shoes inside the high wall at this moment.Her cell was No. 93. When she entered the cell, other prisoners looked at her. She had the same short hair and blue prison clothes as other prisoners, but different from the uniform cloth shoes, the high heels on her feet were very conspicuous. When she saw these high heels, one prisoner immediately brightened his eyes. "This is the new prisoner.". "This is your room. Life will be here in the future."She couldn't be idle on her first day in prison. She was assigned to work in the workshop. The workshop is very large. It is required to produce a fixed number of parts in an afternoon, and can only stand. Wu Yuting worked in high-heeled shoes for two hours. In addition to walking to and from the workshop, she stood still. It was still hot in the factory in early summer. She could feel her sweat seeping from the silk stockings. The whole toe of high-heeled shoes was very wet, and the forefoot said it didn't hurt. It was false, but she thought that as long as she survived this week, she could spend it in high-heeled shoes by the time she got out of prison. She was still very relieved.Wu Yuting's ability to wear high-heeled shoes is indeed different from ordinary people. Although the high-heeled shoes on her feet have a little waterproof platform, the net height is also about 11 cm. After standing for more than three hours in a row, she can still stride and walk steadily in the workshop with parts without trembling. The other prisoners looked at her curiously and wanted to ask her something, but they were not allowed to talk during work, so they gave up.After dinner, she finally sat down, but at this moment, her feet are not so tired. You know, she once visited countless scenic spots in silk stockings and high heels. Standing for three or four hours is nothing at all. When it was time to take a bath in the evening, the police officer found a bench and partition board. After washing her upper body and drying it, she changed her underwear. In this process, silk stockings and high heels need to be worn all the time. Wu Yuting couldn't change her socks within a week. Although she didn't sleep in high heels, she felt that her feet were full of sweat. She was eager to change a pair of dry silk stockings, so she pulled down the quilt and wanted to take it off secretly to change her socks. But as soon as she took off a shoe, the police rushed to her room."Don't you want to wear high heels? Why don't you take them off? Take off the other one and wear them when you get out of prison.""Report to the police officer. I'm sorry I'm wrong. I promise to come as you ask this week“"It's not an example. Our request has been made very clear at noon."Wearing high-heeled shoes to participate in one hour military training in the morning is also a great challenge. On the playground, a figure wearing 12cm high-heeled shoes standing in the military position and running circles is particularly conspicuous. The sound of the collision between the heel of her high-heeled shoes and the ground is rhythmic. Wu Yuting's posture is very free and wears it like walking on the ground, as if her feet have long been integrated with high-heeled shoes. Sleeping in high heels all night didn't relax her forefoot. The load on her forefoot was increasing, but it wasn't hard for her at all.Wu Yuting first felt the hard work of wearing high-heeled shoes when she was climbing Mount Tai. At that time, everyone planned to walk up and down the mountain, but she not only didn't want to wear sportswear to climb the mountain, but also chose a short skirt. The lower part of her body was naturally standard long silk stockings, and she took a pair of 12cm red pointed high-heeled shoes with heels higher than the shoes she usually wears at work. This pair of shoes has no waterproof platform, so it is a solid 12cm heel. Wearing it, Wu Yuting and her colleagues set out to climb the mountain at 4 o'clock. Many people went up the mountain. They not only had to go up the steps, but also had to stand in line. She didn't rest for a moment. She walked and stopped in high heels for more than 7 hours before reaching the top of the mountain. When she reached the top of the mountain, the soles of her feet were extremely painful and her ankles were about to cramp. Wu Yuting had no way to stick to it. After taking group photos with everyone, she quickly walked to the chair and sat down. She immediately took off her high heels, pinched her toes and rubbed the soles of her feet. Wu Yuting is a person who pays great attention to her image, but she can't care about her image at this time. At the top of Mount Tai, Wu Yuting sitting on the bench is very conspicuous: a young woman in exquisite clothes sits on the bench massaging her feet, and a pair of 12cm red patent leather pointed high-heeled shoes under the bench fall to the ground. The rest time was very short. Wu Yuting put on her high heels and was ready to go down the mountain. She didn't want to admit that her feet couldn't hold on, so she had to wear 12cm high heels and go down the mountain at the same speed as everyone else. The soles of her feet were strongly tingling before each step. That was the first time she had the idea of walking barefoot without high heels, but she didn't want everyone to see her joke, so she had to bear it and insist. When she walked home, her feet couldn't lift up at all, so she had to drag high heels and move step by step. When she got home, Wu Yuting finally took off the pair of high-heeled shoes that had tortured her feet all day. The soles of her front feet were swollen red, and the silk stockings were tightly attached to her feet. As usual, when taking off high-heeled shoes, the toes can be restored to their original state as long as they move. But this time, the toes are squeezed into a triangle and can't be separated at all. Wu Yuting has lost consciousness. Wu Yuting sat down and massaged her feet with her hands. It took a long time for her feet to recover their original appearance. However, she was tired and satisfied to think that her bright and beautiful image in short skirts, silk stockings and red high-heeled shoes had remained on the top of Mount Tai. The next day, despite the fatigue and pain of her feet yesterday, Wu Yuting still took out a pair of high-heeled leather shoes and stepped out of the door. This is Wu Yuting. For her who loves high heels so much, it's a piece of cake to finish prison work in high heels.In the twinkling of an eye, six days later, Wu Yuting didn't feel how painful her feet were. She just soaked the silk stockings with sweat. After they were dry, they were soaked again. The sweat stains were stacked one layer after another, and the silk stockings in the front sole of her foot had become hard. It's the last day of the test."She's wearing such high heels. She hasn't been tired for six days, let alone take off her shoes.""I won't believe it if we set up a 4km playground for practice."Wu Yuting is good at running. 10km is not a problem, but she has never run such a long distance in high heels. Besides, it is a pair of 12cm high shoes. She has been wearing them for six days and hasn't taken them off for a moment. If the front sole moves a little, it seems that she can feel the salt rolling in the shoes and the inside of the shoes is already wet. In the prison, the order of the police officer is everything. The female prisoners began to run around the playground, including Wu Yuting. Of course, she must run the required distance in this pair of high heels, otherwise her six-day efforts will fall short.Wu Yuting began to pull. She could hold on for the first kilometer. After each step, the soles of her feet were tingling. The sweat soaked the inner part of the silk stockings and shoes again and became extremely slippery. She had to control her heel to firmly hold the back of the high-heeled shoes to prevent the shoes from falling off. Her gait began to falter, and the soles of her front feet could no longer bear the pain. Even so, she never hated the high heels on her feet.At the end of the race, Wu Yuting slipped and fell due to excessive pain in the soles of her front feet and the sweat soaked silk stockings.The officer ran over. "Come on, don't be brave. Take off your high heels. Prison has never been a place to make you beautiful."Wu Yuting didn't speak. She stood up with difficulty, clenched her teeth and rushed to catch up with everyone's team. Wu Yuting endured the pain of high heels and ran with everyone. The soles and ankles of her feet have been in a state of continued weakness, and she can no longer support her to do anything in high heels. With heavy steps, Wu Yuting carried her feet in high heels back to the prison.This day happens to be Sunday. There is no work to do. You can go back to the prison after training. Wu Yuting sat quietly in high heels, her feet reaching the limit. But fortunately, the police officer's request was finally fulfilled.This week, the police searched for evidence again and found that Wu Yuting was indeed framed for embezzling public funds, but she did make serious mistakes in her confidentiality work and was suspected of divulging state secrets. However, considering that it was due to negligence, she was still sentenced to 9 months' imprisonment.The police didn't expect anyone to wear 12cm pointed high heels for a week and run for four kilometers. She came to Wu Yuting: "in the future, we don't have any requirements for your shoes. You can serve your sentence in high heels until you get out of prison. But remember, apart from the uniform cloth shoes, you can only bring in three pairs of your own shoes at the same time. After all, the prison is not your shoe cabinet."Wu Yuting nodded. Although she didn't have beautiful clothes, she could at least have a little feminine temperament with silk stockings and high heels on her feet. She chose to leave the high-heeled shoes she was wearing in prison and asked the police officer to take two pairs of high-heeled shoes from home. One pair was 12cm naked patent leather fish mouth high-heeled shoes, and the other pair of leather shoes was the same style as what she was wearing on her feet, but white.The shoes were sent in the afternoon, and Wu Yuting put them neatly under the bed. In the evening, Wu Yuting finally took off her high-heeled shoes for a whole week. As soon as she took off her shoes, she scattered a strong sour smell. The sweat fermented in the leather for a week. The taste was very strong and could not disperse for a long time, making the cellmates cover their noses one after another. Wu Yuting quickly opened the window. She looked at her feet. The silk stockings drew an obvious dividing line with the shoes. The toes were squeezed into the triangle of the toe of the high-heeled shoes, which was red and swollen, and there were three or four bubbles. The part of the silk stockings in the shoes was wet through, and the part of the soles of the feet was covered with a thick layer of sweat. It felt hard and smelled very sour. The inside of the high-heeled shoes was also wet, the light yellow inside was smoked brown, and the toe marks were clearly visible. It took five or six paper towels to dry the sweat in two high heels.Wu Yuting put on flat slippers to rest her feet. This is the first night she slept barefoot after she was officially imprisoned. Now her feet are red and her toes are swollen. She sighed when she saw that her once beautiful feet were tortured by high heels.The next day, at the roll call in the morning, the police officer saw Wu Yuting wearing loose cotton socks and checkered shoes and said, "why did you take off her high heels today? I'm afraid of pain?" Wu Yuting didn't speak. Indeed, this is the first time in recent years that she has voluntarily given up the opportunity to wear high heels. For the next three days, Wu Yuting was wearing cloth shoes. She needed some time to leave high heels to recover her flawed feet.But Wu Yuting's love for high heels remained unchanged. Three days later, Wu Yuting's feet returned to their original delicate appearance. Early in the morning of the fourth day, she put on flesh colored silk stockings, put on her new naked fish mouth high-heeled shoes, 2cm waterproof platform and 13cm high heels, which elongated her figure. Through the fish mouth of high-heeled shoes, you can also see her clear toes through the silk stockings. Wu Yuting started the day of wearing high heels again. After that, she returned to her original appearance: even in places like prison, where she needs to work hard every day, she still insists on wearing silk stockings and high heels every day.Her cellmates also witnessed her wearing high heels for a whole week, but most of them are rough people. They never covet high heels and don't communicate with Wu Yuting on weekdays. There is only one middle-aged woman. When she sees Wu Yuting wearing silk stockings and putting her feet into high-heeled shoes every morning, her eyes will shine, full of envy. One night, she couldn't help talking to Wu Yuting: "you love wearing high heels, too.""Yes, I've been wearing high heels for six or seven years, basically every day.""When can I borrow it for a while? Just a minute.""How big are your feet?"“37”"I happen to be 37, so you can wear it, but I don't know whether the officer will let it or not"The middle-aged woman told Wu Yuting about her experience. Her name was Zhang Yan. She loved beauty when she was young, but she was very poor. She works as a worker in the machinery workshop and earns a meager salary. Beauty loving she can't afford beautiful clothes and jewelry, so high heels have become the only thing she uses to improve her woman's beauty. Although it is a factory rule to wear broad and ugly work clothes, wearing silk stockings and high-heeled leather shoes on both feet has at least a little feminine temperament. Eight years ago, she bought an electric car, so she didn't have to walk several stops to work in high heels. However, the good times didn't last long. Before long, the car was lost. Frustrated, she saw an unlocked electric car on the road and rode away. Soon, the police arrested Zhang Yan for theft. She was finally sentenced to 9 years in prison. Later, her sentence was commuted for half a year because of her good performance. At the time of arrest, she was working in a factory and wearing a pair of 10cm pointed high heels. There is no doubt that she took off her high heels at the order of the police officer as soon as she entered. More than seven years have passed since she last wore high heels. She never had a chance to wear them in prison.Wu Yuting took out the white high heels under the bed and put them in front of Zhang Yan's cloth shoes, "put them on". Zhang Yan can't believe her eyes. She really has a pair of high heels at her feet. She quickly changed into new silk stockings and slowly put on her 12cm white high-heeled shoes. Zhang Yan has never felt the feeling of weak friction between silk stockings and high heels, the feeling of sharp leather shoes squeezing the soles of her feet, and the feeling of her toes lifting up to walk in more than seven years. She put on high heels and stood up. She had never worn high heels for seven years. She walked a little unnaturally. She opened her arms to find balance and walked back and forth in the cell, trying to find the feeling of walking in high heels. Zhang Yan walked back and forth for several times and felt much more natural. She sat down with her legs together and quietly enjoyed the feeling of wearing silk stockings and high heels, which only belongs to women's happiness.After a while, the police officer came to the cell to patrol. When he saw the high-heeled shoes on Zhang Yan's feet, he immediately scolded, "who told you to wear them!" "And you, it's good if we allow you to wear them. If you still lend your shoes to others, you'd better confiscate them!" Zhang Yan immediately took off her high heels and put on cloth shoes. Wu Yuting also stood up and reported her mistake. After the patrolmen left, Zhang Yan expressed her gratitude. "Thank you very much. Although I only wore it for a short time, I'm very satisfied. I'm in such a place."Wu Yuting knows how obsessed a beautiful woman is with high heels, so whenever the police don't pay attention, Wu Yuting will lend her high heels. In prison, there is relatively more free time only on Sundays, so Zhang Yan can wear high heels briefly once a week and enjoy the right to beauty. However, a few weeks later, Zhang Yan was caught by police officers wearing Wu Yuting's high heels. She and Wu Yuting were severely warned, while Wu Yuting was warned that she would no longer be allowed to serve her sentence in high heels and had to change into the same cloth shoes as everyone else. Every day, Wu Yuting and Zhang Yan wear silk stockings. Wu Yuting can wear beautiful high-heeled leather shoes on her feet, while Zhang Yan can only wear cloth shoes. She looks at Wu Yuting as if she were wearing them herself. She can complain in a few months, but she won't get out of prison if there's anything wrong. Because of a pair of high heels, the relationship between Wu Yuting and Zhang Yan gradually approached.In the following days, Wu Yuting began the ordinary years of serving her sentence. Zhang Yan has become her best cellmate. She often talks about her love for high heels, the style of high heels she likes, and so on. Although she hasn't worn high heels for more than seven years, if not counting the times Wu Yuting lent her. Wu Yuting will change some high-heeled shoes every time. 12cm pointed high-heeled shoes are essential and the most common, followed by fish mouth high-heeled shoes, round toe shoes and sandals, but her favorite is still pointed high-heeled shoes. During this period, if a leader comes to inspect, the police will temporarily confiscate Wu Yuting's high heels, and she must wear cloth shoes like others. At first, when she took off the high-heeled shoes she was wearing and handed them over to the police, she always worried that she would never wear them again after they were confiscated, but after several more times, she trusted the police. Wu Yuting didn't give up her beloved high-heeled shoes for the rest of the time. Every day, she would wear silk stockings, pick a pair of high-heeled shoes and wear them on her feet, and then assemble and queue Start a new day. In this way, Wu Yuting enjoys the last right to be beautiful as a woman in prison.One Sunday, her husband called to see her. She was wearing a pair of black pointed high heels, but because her husband was coming, she still wanted to prepare well. She put on a pair of bright pink high heels. Up to now, only shoes can dress up.It's time for the meeting. Wu Yuting has a plain face, ears, short hair and wide prison clothes. Only her feet in silk stockings and pointed high heels stand, still delicate and sexy."You still love wearing high heels.""Yes, the police officer allowed me to wear high heels inside. I wear them every day.""Although I know you didn't mean to commit a crime, I really can't accept that you're in prison... Let's... Divorce."Wu Yuting can't believe that her seven-year marriage broke down because of her imprisonment. She walked into the meeting room with excitement, but left in despair.Wu Yuting agreed to sign the divorce certificate."I have nothing left." she went back to the prison and burst into Zhang Yan's arms crying."We're still young... Life can come back""I'm desperate," Wu Yuting sighed as she took off her pink high-heeled shoes."I won't wear high heels anymore. When I came in here, I had long been insulated from the original world. There's no need for women at the bottom of society to wear high heels in the future."For a long time after that, Wu Yuting never wore high-heeled shoes again. The three pairs of high-heeled shoes under her bed gradually became gray, and she no longer asked the police officer to replace her prison shoe cabinet. Wu Yuting wears cotton socks and cloth shoes every day, just like other criminals."Sister Yuting, cheer up. We don't live for men." Zhang Yan encouraged Wu Yuting again and again during this period.After a few months, Wu Yuting gradually perked up. "Zhang Yan, thank you. There are still three months to go before I get out of prison. I decided to adjust myself and welcome my new life. At this time, the day for the two to get out of prison was set, which happened to be the same day. This gave Wu Yuting more hope and courage."Let's start over when we go out.""OK." Wu Yuting and Zhang Yan hugged each other tightly.That night, Wu Yuting carefully polished the high-heeled shoes she hadn't worn for a long time. She decided to put on high heels again tomorrow. "Because I married him, I put on high heels for the first time. Now I'm divorced. I always think of him when I wear high heels. But forget it, it's all over.""Yes, forget it. It's great that you can cheer up. I still like to see sister Yuting in high heels."The next day, Wu Yuting carefully placed a pair of high heels beside the bed, put on silk stockings again, and put her feet into black 12cm pointed high heels. She stood up and walked around for a while, and soon found the feeling of wearing high heels. She looked at her feet in flesh colored silk stockings and high heels. Wu Yuting realized that high heels are a symbol of her self-confidence and her active life. She and Zhang Yan said, "I will not take off my high heels this time."Wu Yuting continued to serve her sentence with silk stockings and high heels, and her friendship with Zhang Yan gradually deepened. After nine long months, Wu Yuting and Zhang Yan ushered in their last night in prison."What are your plans after you go out?""Look for a job first. It doesn't matter if you are bitter or tired. But I must live happily."You're leaving here tomorrow. We'll help you prepare what you want to wear.Zhang Yan asked for a dress and Wu Yuting asked for a suit and skirt.Shoes you should both wear high heels. It's the first time I've seen such a woman dedicated to high heels in prison. No one will stipulate your shoes tomorrow. You can wear your beautiful high heels as you like.The next day Wu Yuting and Zhang Yan came to the dressing room. Two red pointed high heels were neatly placed on the ground."Zhang Yan, these are high heels for you. Take off your beloved high heels for 8 years, and now you can put them on. Be a good man after you go out."Zhang Yan picked up her shoes and looked at them carefully. These are the shoes she has dreamed of for eight years. For eight years, she has been wearing ugly cloth shoes. Now, beautiful high-heeled shoes are placed in front of her, which is close to her wish to be a woman again.Zhang Yan slowly put her foot into her high-heeled shoes and enjoyed the feeling of silk stockings and leather rubbing slowly. Her body straightened up, and the high-heeled shoes she once dreamed of wearing but couldn't wear are now on her feet. She hasn't been so beautiful for a long time. Zhang Yan is filled with emotion.